Do I want to have this child or not?
If Rong always knew he wouldn't fire me, right?
Come with me after 7 o'clock and ask for the big brother of the people
You listen to me.
My lips can't even open the pot
My picture is still you move first
You, you, just let me go
Let's chase after the fairy wind
I didn't expect you to know what's good or bad
I dealt with you.
Uncle Zhang, Miss Qiao
Please come with me
The really big boss will not steal money except
It doesn't seem much safer than the gangsters
Mr. Rong
Can I help you?
You are pregnant with my son
Like I said last time, it's the infirmary
Medical room
Are you sure it's not the doctor you bought the house from?
After all, you were licking unsupported at the hospital gate that day
money
Go ahead.
How much do you want?
Less narcissistic
I don't want your money.
If you hadn't released the handle last time
How did I receive it?
No money
That is.
Seduce me first, right?
I'll take the ball to the stage
Yes
What is that?
I'll take you to the hospital tomorrow morning
How miserable